---
layout: post
title: "skillsmatter, london: day 2"
date: 2009-05-14 19:22
comments: true
---
i am still not adapted to the hour time difference between germany and the uk. so i awoke a hour to early.arrived early at the old session house where the workshops take place and decided to hear the f#-workshop with robert pickering. the workshop was full of f# content. robert is real expert. the speed we rushed through the slides was amazing. but at the and we arrived at some beautiful examples of the power of f# which robert ported from python out of the book "collective intelligence" by <span class="ptBrand">toby segaran - great read by the way. he drawed some nice dendrogramms e.g. of a blogclustering algorithm. </span><span class="ptBrand">after the light lunchbag (nearly the same like yesterday) james, david and i got a small beer before we joined the advanced nhibernate workshop with ayende.</span><span class="ptBrand">wow the room was full. big speaker, big room, big audience - great. so ayende told he has no slides and nothing prepared at all. he questioned the audience to supply topics he would then talk about. he collected about 25 topics...for a 4h workshop...not bad. and it was fun. for example the suggested topic "stored procedures" he wrote down as "stored procedures, and how they bite you in the ass". ayende is really cool. the rest of the talk was also very passionate.</span>after that gojko guided the group to the alt.net beers. snacks and drinks where sponsored by thoughtworks and skillsmatter (thanks for that). i learned serialseb is the dictator of the alt.net beers. he managed the geeky crowd to really get to two talks around document databases and bdd. some of the speakers had an alcohol clouded mind to say the least. but it was real fun. it was an amazing day 2. 